docs: update release file (#3650)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: RELEASE.md

A release consists of: 

* Helm chart changes to reflect the new versions of individual components
* Updates to the documentation and the integration tests (both `cypress` and `acceptance`)
* Changes to `CHANGELOG.rst`
* A new tag in this repository, which results in packaging and pushing out new helm charts and corresponding docker images

This procedure should be followed for *any* release:

* Create a release branch (e.g. `0.46.x`), if one does not already exist, with the [release action](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku/actions/workflows/create-release-branch.yml). Mind that release branches are protected.
* Merge new PRs into the release branch. Neither bugfixes nor features should be merged directly into `master`.
  * Mind that the PRs pointing to a release branch cannot be merged if they break the platform, even temporarily. Be sure all tests pass by using the `/deploy` string without referencing other components or setting extra values; those should be included in the helm chart folder.

>   * There must be no PRs pointing to a release branch when releasing. If a change won't make it to that release, please point it to the following one (or `master` until it targets another release branch).

Reviewer: It took me a bit to understand that the first point refers to merging into the release branch but the second one is about merging the release branch into master, I think because it's nested under a point that talks about merging PRs into the release branch. Because the release itself is also a PR, just talking about release branches and feature branches and using that wording consistently makes it easier to understand? And if we can keep it short there's a higher chance of people actually reading it.

I'm thinking like
```
* Create a release branch (e.g. `0.46.x`), if one does not already exist, with the [release action](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku/actions/workflows/create-release-branch.yml). # I don't think we need to mention that they are protected, it's just a fact of life
* create feature branches off of the release branch for new features.
  * a feature branch must contain all the changes needed for that feature.
* squash merge feature branches into the release branch.
  * do not merge feature branches if they break the platform, even temporarily.
  * make sure all tests pass with the `/deploy` action.
  * make sure the `/deploy` action does not reference specific component versions, these should be set in the chart.
  * make sure the `CHANGELOG.rst` is up to date and reflects the changes made.
* The release manager merges the release branch into master when planned
  * If a feature branch won't make it into a planned release, point it to the next release branch.
  * This might need a final cleanup PR to consolidate the changelog
```

Author: Thanks! That reads much better.
I slightly changed the 3rd bullet point to make it more readable. Feel free to suggest further changes

* Be sure `CHANGELOG.rst` is up-to-date and reflects the changes in the release branch before tagging a release. This might require a final cleanup PR.

Acceptance tests have to pass on all release branches before merging.

## Planned release

> A release is planned at the end of a build cycle and the end of the cooldown period. 
> Depending on the features being developed, there may be more than one release per build cycle, especially if a feature requires significant infrastructure changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A release is planned at the end of a build cycle and the end of the cooldown period. 
More releases can be done if needed, in which case you should coordinate with the release manager.
```

> Since we usually include multiple features in the same release, please use feature branches to merge all the changes related to a single feature. Ideally, the commits should be squashed together when merging into the release branch, or reduced to a minimum (you can squash _some_ commits together in the feature branch before merging into the release branch).

Reviewer: I included this in my suggestion above so we could remove it here

### Merge feature branches

Depending on the specific feature, it might be necessary to include changes from multiple components. Please coordinate with the other teams to ensure that all the necessary changes are merged at the same time to avoid temporarily breaking the release branch and minimize the impact on other teams.

Ideally, you should include all the necessary documentation and integration test changes in the same PR.

Before merging a feature branch, please always drop a message on the `#dev-core` channel to inform the other teams about the upcoming changes. This will allow them to plan their work accordingly; even if you don't expect any conflicts, it's always better to be safe than sorry, especially toward the end of the build sprint when teams need to wrap up their work and must point their feature branches to the release branch.

```mermaid

> flowchart LR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flowchart TD

```
might be more readable?
